docs: add GitHub and Google social connection documentation (#994)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/authenticate/identity-providers/social-identity-providers/github.mdx

---
title: Add GitHub Login to Your App

> description: "Learn how to add Sign In with GitHub to your application using Auth0. Configure a GitHub social connection with OAuth to let users authenticate with their GitHub accounts."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to add Sign In with GitHub to your application using Auth0. Configure a GitHub social connection with OAuth 2.0 to let users authenticate with their GitHub accounts."
```

    You can leave **Enable Device Flow** unchecked unless your application requires device-based authorization.

    Select **Register application**.
  </Step>

  <Step title="Copy the Client ID and Client Secret">
    After registration, GitHub displays the application details page. Copy the **Client ID** value.

    Select **Generate a new client secret** to create a secret. Copy the generated value immediately.

    <Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
    GitHub displays the Client Secret only once. Store it securely before navigating away from the page. If you lose it, you must generate a new one.
    </Callout>
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Configure Auth0

Add the GitHub connection to your Auth0 tenant and enter the credentials from the previous section.

<Steps>
  <Step title="Create a GitHub connection">
    Navigate to [Auth0 Dashboard > Authentication > Social](https://manage.auth0.com/#/social) and select **Create Connection**. Select **GitHub** from the list of providers.
  </Step>

  <Step title="Enter your GitHub credentials">

>     In the connection settings, enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** you copied from GitHub.

Reviewer: It looks like this is called "General" ... also, we skip Purpose, which comes before General

Purpose
Specify how this connection will be used: for login, connected accounts, or both.

  </Step>

  <Step title="Select permissions">

>     Under **Permissions**, select the scopes your application requires. Most applications need **read:user** for profile information and **user:email** for email addresses.

Reviewer: user:email isn't an option, probably "Email address" ?

  </Step>

  <Step title="Save and enable the connection">
    Select **Create** to save the connection.

    Select the **Applications** tab and enable the connection for the applications that should offer GitHub login.
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Test the connection

Verify that the GitHub connection works before deploying to production.

1. Navigate to [Auth0 Dashboard > Authentication > Social](https://manage.auth0.com/#/social).
2. Select the GitHub connection from the list.
3. Select **Try Connection**.
4. Authenticate with your GitHub account when prompted.
5. Confirm that Auth0 returns user profile data, including the user's GitHub username and email address.

## Keep reading

* [Test Social Connections Using Auth0 Developer Keys](/docs/authenticate/identity-providers/social-identity-providers/devkeys)

> * [Add Sign In with Google to Native Android Apps](/docs/authenticate/identity-providers/social-identity-providers/google-native)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Add Google Login to Your App](/docs/authenticate/identity-providers/social-identity-providers/google)
```
Not sure Sign In with Google to Native Android Apps belongs on a GitHub connection page. Linking to the google page instead
